Royer was built in typescript - for his scalability -. It's A project whit my friends. For design i implement MaterialUI. The idea is focus on a Ecommerce that implement cryptocurrencies. The project have two sections, the admin page implemented in /admin, restricted by middlewares, here we can found the control panel, for upload, update, delete products and other services of admin. The another section is the user section, where you can see the products, buy them, send queries, and anothers services for the user. For manage the session i implement NextAuth and jwt token. The database used is MongoDB, whit the models and interfaces that need it. HTTP requests were made with axios for get the CRUD of products, queries, orders and crypto-orders. The orders are divided in two, normals and crypto, the normal ones are paid whit PayPal, the success of transaction is update automatically, secondly the crypto-orders creation are related with the normal order, when the crypto-order is marked as paid, the normal order automatically will marked too. I implement hooks like useState, useEffect, useReducer, useSWR, useContext, useRouter and create other  call useProducts for get the products implementing useSWR. The routes can be static and dynamic for get the products by the _id  thanks to function  getStaticProps, the powerful function implemented by NextJs. The _id is sent by the params. The payments systems that we used is PayPal and develop a system of validation the transaction of cryptocurrencies through a form in which you send yout wallet and the hash of transaction. We still validate manually.we did not develop a smart contract because expenses exceeded expectations.
